---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "etleap_model Data Source - terraform-provider-etleap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Model DataSource
---

# etleap_model (Data Source)

Model DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "etleap_model" "my_model" {
  id = "a5614863-79fc-4be3-940b-5f3e9f554f95"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `create_date` (String) The date and time when then the model was created.
- `dependencies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dependencies))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_update_duration` (Number) How long the latest update took to complete, in milliseconds, or the duration of the current update if one is in progress.
- `last_update_time` (String) The date and time of the latest successful update for this model.
- `name` (String)
- `owner` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `paused` (Boolean)
- `query_and_triggers` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query_and_triggers))
- `shares` (List of String) An array of users' emails that the model is shared with.  Once shared, a model cannot be unshared, and future calls to `PATCH` can only add to this list.
- `update_schedule` (Attributes) How often this model should update. Etleap will periodically update the model table in your warehouse according to this schedule. See [the Model Updates documentation](https://docs.etleap.com/docs/documentation/ZG9jOjI0MzU2NDY3-introduction-to-models#model-updates) for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule))
- `warehouse` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warehouse))

<a id="nestedatt--dependencies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dependencies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the pipeline or model.
- `name` (String) The name of the pipeline or model.
- `type` (String) must be one of ["PIPELINE", "MODEL"]


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `email_address` (String)
- `first_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--query_and_triggers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_and_triggers`

Read-Only:

- `query` (String) The SQL query used to build this model. To specify dependencies on pipelines or other models, replace the schema and table name of the dependency with the id of the dependency enclosed in `{{` and `}}`. The dependency must load data into the same Etleap connection as the one given in `warehouse.connectionId` for this model.

**For Example**
Say there is a pipeline with the id `abcd1234` which loads data to the table "schema"."my_table". To create a model in Etleap that has a dependency on this pipeline, the following query:

```sql
SELECT col1, col2 FROM "schema"."my_table";
```

becomes:
```sql
SELECT col1, col2 FROM {{abcd1234}};
```

[See the Model documentation](https://docs.etleap.com/docs/documentation/ZG9jOjI0MzU2NDY3-introduction-to-models#model-dependencies) for more information on Model dependencies.
- `triggers` (List of String) A list of model dependency ids. An update will be automatically triggered in this model if any of the dependencies listed here get new data. Any ids given here must be present as dependencies in the `query`.


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `daily` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--daily))
- `hourly` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--hourly))
- `monthly` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--monthly))
- `never` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--never))
- `weekly` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--weekly))

<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--daily"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.daily`

Read-Only:

- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day this schedule should trigger at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["DAILY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--hourly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.hourly`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["HOURLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--monthly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.monthly`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_month` (Number) Day of the month this schedule should trigger at (in UTC).
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day this schedule should trigger at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["MONTHLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--never"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.never`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["NEVER"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--weekly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.weekly`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (Number) The day of the week this schedule should trigger at (in UTC).
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day this schedule should trigger at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["WEEKLY"]



<a id="nestedatt--warehouse"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warehouse`

Read-Only:

- `redshift` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warehouse--redshift))
- `snowflake` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warehouse--snowflake))

<a id="nestedatt--warehouse--redshift"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warehouse.redshift`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String)
- `distribution_style` (Attributes) Can either be one the strings `ALL`, `AUTO` or `EVEN`, or an object for `KEY` distribution that specifies a column. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warehouse--redshift--distribution_style))
- `materialized_view` (Boolean)
- `pending_renamed_table` (String) Only set when a table rename was triggered but is not complete yet.
- `schema` (String)
- `sort_columns` (List of String) The sort columns to use.
- `table` (String)
- `type` (String) must be one of ["REDSHIFT"]
- `wait_for_update_preparation` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--warehouse--redshift--distribution_style"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warehouse.redshift.distribution_style`

Read-Only:

- `distribution_style_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--warehouse--redshift--distribution_style--distribution_style_key))
- `one` (String) must be one of ["ALL", "AUTO", "EVEN"]

<a id="nestedatt--warehouse--redshift--distribution_style--distribution_style_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warehouse.redshift.distribution_style.one`

Read-Only:

- `column` (String)
- `type` (String) must be one of ["KEY"]




<a id="nestedatt--warehouse--snowflake"></a>
### Nested Schema for `warehouse.snowflake`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String)
- `materialized_view` (Boolean)
- `pending_renamed_table` (String) Only set when a table rename was triggered but is not complete yet.
- `schema` (String)
- `table` (String)
- `type` (String) must be one of ["SNOWFLAKE"]
- `wait_for_update_preparation` (Boolean)


