---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "etleap_connection_oracle Resource - terraform-provider-etleap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ConnectionORACLE Resource
---

# etleap_connection_oracle (Resource)

ConnectionORACLE Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "etleap_connection_oracle" "my_connectionoracle" {
  address                              = "5233 Emard Unions"
  cdc_enabled                          = true
  certificate                          = "...my_certificate..."
  database                             = "...my_database..."
  deletion_of_export_products          = true
  name                                 = "Kristine Cormier"
  password                             = "...my_password..."
  port                                 = 1
  require_ssl_and_validate_certificate = false
  schema                               = "...my_schema..."
  type                                 = "ORACLE"
  username                             = "Loy.Bartoletti51"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String)
- `database` (String)
- `name` (String) The unique name of this connection.
- `password` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `type` (String) must be one of ["ORACLE"]
- `username` (String)

### Optional

- `cdc_enabled` (Boolean) Should Etleap use replication logs to capture changes from this database? This setting cannot be changed later. Requires replacement if changed. ; Default: false
- `certificate` (String) The TLS certificate used to verify the server's identity and encrypt data in transit. If not specified, the AWS RDS global certificate bundle will be used. Should only be specified if `requireSslAndValidateCertificate` is set to `true`.
- `deletion_of_export_products` (Boolean) Applicable for REDSHIFT and SNOWFLAKE connections only in the case when there are pipelines that use this connection as a destination, and these pipelines have been migrated to use a different destination. Specifies whether any tables created by these pipelines in this destination should be deleted. Defaults to `false`. Default: false
- `require_ssl_and_validate_certificate` (Boolean) Default: true
- `schema` (String) If not specified, the default schema will be used.
- `ssh_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssh_config))
- `update_schedule` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. When undefined, the pipeline will default to the schedule set on the source connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule))

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) Whether this connection has been marked as active.
- `create_date` (String) The date and time when then the connection was created.
- `default_update_schedule` (Attributes List) When an update schedule is not defined for a connection, the default schedule is used. The default defined individually per `pipelineMode` and may be subject to change. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the connection.
- `status` (String) The current status of the connection. must be one of ["UNKNOWN", "UP", "DOWN", "RESIZE", "MAINTENANCE", "QUOTA", "CREATING"]

<a id="nestedatt--ssh_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh_config`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The server address for the SSH connection. Not Null
- `username` (String) The username for the SSH connection. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule`

Optional:

- `daily` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--daily))
- `hourly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--hourly))
- `interval` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--interval))
- `monthly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--monthly))
- `weekly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_schedule--weekly))

<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--daily"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.daily`

Optional:

- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC). Not Null
- `mode` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["DAILY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--hourly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.hourly`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["HOURLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.interval`

Optional:

- `interval_minutes` (Number) Time to wait before new data is pulled (in minutes). Not Null
- `mode` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["INTERVAL"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--monthly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.monthly`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) Not Null
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC). Not Null
- `mode` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["MONTHLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--update_schedule--weekly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_schedule.weekly`

Optional:

- `day_of_week` (Number) Not Null
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC). Not Null
- `mode` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["WEEKLY"]



<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `pipeline_mode` (String) The pipeline mode refers to how the pipeline fetches data changes from the source and how those changes are applied to the destination table. See <a target="_blank" href="https://docs.etleap.com/docs/documentation/ZG9jOjIyMjE3ODA2-introduction">the documentation</a> for more details. must be one of ["APPEND", "REPLACE", "UPDATE", "QUERY"]
- `update_schedule` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. When undefined, the pipeline will default to the schedule set on the source connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule))

<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule`

Read-Only:

- `daily` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--daily))
- `hourly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--hourly))
- `interval` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--interval))
- `monthly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--monthly))
- `weekly` (Attributes) The update schedule defines when Etleap should automatically check the source for new data. See <a href= "https://support.etleap.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019768853-What-is-the-difference-between-a-Refresh-and-an-Update-" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Updates &amp; Refreshes</a> for more information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--weekly))

<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--daily"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule.daily`

Read-Only:

- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["DAILY"]


<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--hourly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule.hourly`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) must be one of ["HOURLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule.interval`

Read-Only:

- `interval_minutes` (Number) Time to wait before new data is pulled (in minutes).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["INTERVAL"]


<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--monthly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule.monthly`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_month` (Number)
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["MONTHLY"]


<a id="nestedatt--default_update_schedule--update_schedule--weekly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_update_schedule.update_schedule.weekly`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (Number)
- `hour_of_day` (Number) Hour of day the  pipeline update should be started at (in UTC).
- `mode` (String) must be one of ["WEEKLY"]


