---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "etleap_dbt_schedule Resource - terraform-provider-etleap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DbtSchedule Resource
---

# etleap_dbt_schedule (Resource)

DbtSchedule Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "etleap_dbt_schedule" "my_dbtschedule" {
  connection_id             = "...my_connection_id..."
  cron                      = "...my_cron..."
  name                      = "Paulette Lynch"
  paused                    = false
  selector                  = "...my_selector..."
  skip_build_if_no_new_data = true
  target_schema             = "...my_target_schema..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The [connection](https://docs.etleap.com/docs/api-v2/edbec13814bbc-connection) where the dbt build runs. The only supported connections are Redshift, Snowflake or Databricks Delta Lake destinations. Requires replacement if changed.
- `cron` (String) The cron expression that defines triggers for this schedule. The maximum supported cron schedule precision is 1 minute.
- `name` (String) The name of the dbt schedule.
- `selector` (String) The selector (from `selectors.yaml`) to run the build for. Requires replacement if changed.
- `target_schema` (String) The target schema for the dbt build. See [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/custom-schemas) for details on how it's used.

### Optional

- `paused` (Boolean) `true` if the schedule should start as paused; defaults to `false`. Default: false
- `skip_build_if_no_new_data` (Boolean) Whether the dbt build is skipped if no new data has been ingested for any of the pipelines this schedule depends on. Default: false

### Read-Only

- `create_date` (String)
- `id` (String) The id of the dbt schedule
- `latest_run` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_run))
- `owner` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))

<a id="nestedatt--latest_run"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_run`

Read-Only:

- `in_progress` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_run--in_progress))
- `ingest_could_not_complete` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_run--ingest_could_not_complete))
- `success_with_dbt_warnings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest_run--success_with_dbt_warnings))

<a id="nestedatt--latest_run--in_progress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_run.in_progress`

Read-Only:

- `build_is_taking_too_long` (Boolean) Whether the dbt build phase is taking too long.
- `last_successful_dbt_build_date` (String) The last time that a successful dbt build finished.
- `phase` (String) The phase that this dbt run is currently in. dbt runs consist of an `INGEST` phase where source pipelines ingest data into the warehouse, followed by a `BUILD` phase where the dbt models are built. must be one of ["INGEST", "BUILD"]
- `previous_run_duration` (Number) The duration, in seconds, between the time the previous run was triggered and the time it completed. This will be `null` if this is the first time this schedule has run.
- `previous_run_status` (String) must be one of ["IN_PROGRESS", "INGEST_COULD_NOT_COMPLETE", "DBT_ERROR", "SUCCESS_WITH_DBT_WARNINGS", "SUCCESS"]
- `start_date` (String) The time that this dbt run was triggered.
- `status` (String) must be one of ["IN_PROGRESS"]


<a id="nestedatt--latest_run--ingest_could_not_complete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_run.ingest_could_not_complete`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) The duration, in seconds, between the time this dbt run was triggered and the time the dbt build for this run completed.
- `last_successful_dbt_build_date` (String) The last time that a successful dbt build finished.
- `next_trigger_date` (String) Timestamp for the next dbt schedule trigger.
- `start_date` (String) The time that this dbt run was triggered.
- `status` (String) must be one of ["INGEST_COULD_NOT_COMPLETE", "DBT_ERROR"]


<a id="nestedatt--latest_run--success_with_dbt_warnings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest_run.success_with_dbt_warnings`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) The duration, in seconds, between the time this dbt run was triggered and the time the dbt build for this run completed.
- `last_successful_dbt_build_date` (String) The last time that a successful dbt build finished.
- `next_trigger_date` (String) Timestamp for the next dbt schedule trigger.
- `start_date` (String) The time that this dbt run was triggered.
- `status` (String) must be one of ["SUCCESS", "SUCCESS_WITH_DBT_WARNINGS"]



<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `email_address` (String)
- `first_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_name` (String)


